Oh
hi everyone it's me Ann and today is a
do-it-yourself Sunday and as you guys
probably know by now we will be making
some elegant box clutches and I made
this one out of a cookie box macaroon
box and it came from a really nice
pastry shop and I didn't want to throw
away the box just because the boss was
so pretty and I just thought it would be
a waste to throw it away I'm weird like
that I know i collect jars and boxes but
anyways so i finally came up with an
idea to repurpose these awesome boxes
that i've been collecting and yeah these
are just really cute elegant box
clutches that you see from designers and
department stores and i thought this is
a great idea to show you guys since prom
is coming up and wedding season is
coming up as well so if you guys like
what you see don't forget to thumbs up
for me and let's get started okay so
let's start with materials like usual
first you would need some boxes look for
something in a size you would like for a
clutch I recommend going with a good
quality and sturdy box for decorating I
will be using acrylic paint and you
could choose any color of your choice
you will also need a gloss finish glaze
and I will provide all the links to
where you can buy this on my blog
lifeannstyle.com
I usually put more information on my
blog if you guys are wondering and a few
optional pieces would be decorating
pieces like brooches decorative buttons
or rhinestones I found all of these from
Etsy com and I will also provide this on
my blog if you are curious oh and one
more thing for the handles I will be
using my leftover based rings from a
last project and then a knuckle ring
that I had sitting around in my jewelry
box
lastly you will need a glue gun to put
everything together okay so step one if
you have a two piece box with a cover
just like what I have here take a with
size of your cover and cut it down the
two corners just like what I'm doing
here
once you're done trim that cut piece
along the sides just trim it a little
bit in this way it will be a lot more
easy when you need to insert it into the
other box okay so step two if you have a
nice quality smooth looking box you can
start to paint this with a color of your
choice if your box have low goals that
are visible in contrasting colors try
using a richer color that can hide the
design example white will be very
difficult to cover black leather
letterings so try a purple or blue
instead paint on about two to three
layers of your paint and then make sure
to let each layer dry for about 15 to 20
minutes before painting on the next coat
by using a brush it will automatically
create brush lines if you paint and
stroke with the brush evenly the lines
will look almost like Saffiano leather
the texture really reminds me of the
Prada Saffiano tote and if you don't
like the texture well I'm going to show
you how to cover it later on or you can
use a brush roller okay so once
everything is nice and dry you are ready
for step three I like to use a spray
gloss finish for this it makes the paint
look flawless and shiny you will only
need to use two coats of this but if you
want to cover the lines then I would
suggest for you to spray this over three
to four times and make sure after each
coat it is dry completely almost done
step 4 glue the cut part of your cover
box to the bottom box make sure the glue
is on the inside so it doesn't show okay
so step 5 is the fun part you get to
decorate this however way you like I
have some brooches rhinestones here so
I'm going to lay it out and see how I
like it
afterward I will start to glue it on
with a hot glue gun
once that part is complete I am going to
glue on the rings and the way you hold
this is you hold it with the Rings
facing downwards that way you can stick
your finger through this will fall if
you're pretty rough with this so let's
just assume that when you're wearing
this out you're going to act ladylike
and be very gentle so that way these
stones don't fall out obviously if your
rough with this they will eventually
fall out okay so this last part is
optional but if you want to add in an
lining to make it look extra fancy you
could do this
so I basically cut a rectangle around my
box next what I'm going to do is fold
the raw edges in and then glue the
fabric to each end of my box
I'm not going to glue the sides in just
because it's going to make the box
harder to close so just make sure to
tuck in your raw edges and that's all
you have to do it would still look very
nice
okay guys so that's basically a wrap
they do so much for watching thumbs up
if you like this tutorial and also
subscribe if you would like to see more
weekly videos I also want to make a
quick thank you for those of you guys
who tagged me on Instagram Facebook and
Twitter and recreated some of my past
DIYs I just thought it's the most
wonderful thing it makes me so happy to
see it and it just you know adds a whole
new meaning to why and make these videos
so thank you so much from the bottom of
my heart I love you guys mutt and I'll
talk to you next time ciao